In the last lecture we add links but what is that hashtag doing here.
Keep in mind that now we're routing on the client in javascript.
However if you enter a new you are l by default.
So if we manually type log here we send the request to the server.
In our case here to our little node.
Development server which was spun up by web pick automatically.
Now if you send this route to the server and the route would just be slash block it would work on our
develop unserer because it is configured in a certain way but by default you would get a 4 0 for error
because your server probably doesn't know a slashed log route it would look for a Flashblock folder
or if you have some framework handling the routing it would search for such a route in this Fromberg
routing file but it wouldn't find that because the router is registered in javascript on our front end.
So by adding the hash tag in between we basically tell the server you're only responsible for the part
in front of the hash tag which is just a root domain and therefore it will serve to index HMO file and
the Thereafter often can be ignored by you.
That is handled by javascript and that is how we ensure that routing works even if and that's the common
case the backend doesn't know that route.
However if you want to have a pretty you are l you can configure your server to always send back to
index HVM file in case of 4 0 4 errors.
So in case of route's it doesn't recognize like this one to tail the router to use dead without a hash
tag mode use that mode to history.
It's called The History mode.
If you have that well known hash tag path if you set the mode two days you will recognize that if you
now want to get around we don't have a hash tag in the world.
Even if we reload the page and it will still work fine.
But this only works if your server is configured to always return the next HDMI file in case of 4 0
4 errors.